Part 1: Discussion Questions

RECURSION

1. A function is recursive if, somewhere in its definition, it calls itself.

2. It is necessary to have base case or else the function would recur endlessly
and never return.

GRAPHS

1. A graph is a data structure composed of nodes and their connections
("edges").

2. A tree is actually a type of graph. Where trees are only directed and
acyclic, graphs may be undirected or cyclic. While trees are hierarchical,
graphs may not be.

3. A good use of a graph is modeling social networks.

PERFORMANCE OF DIFFERENT DATA STRUCTURES

Data Structure          Index   Search  Add-R   Add-L   Pop-L   Pop-R
Python List (Array)     O(1)    O(n)    O(1)    O(n)    O(n)    O(1)
Linked List             O(n)    O(n)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)  # The tail doesn't know which node is prev.
Doubly-Linked List      O(n)    O(n)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)     
Queue (as Array)        X       X       O(1)    X       O(n)    X       
Queue (as LL or DLL)    X       X       O(1)    X       O(1)    X
Stack (as Array/LL/DLL) X       X       O(1)    X       X       O(1)
Deque (as DLL)          X       X       O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)

Data Structure          Get     Add     Delete  Iterate Memory
Dictionary (Hash Map)   O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)    medium
Set (Hash Map)          O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    O(n)    medium         
Binary Search Tree      O(logn) O(n)    O(n)    O(1)    little            
Tree                    O(n)    O(1)    O(1)    O(1)    little

SORTING

1. Bubble Sort works by swapping the largest element toward the right, so that
after one pass, the largest element is rightmost in the array--but that's no 
guarantee that the remainder is sorted; multiple passes are usually required.

2. Merge Sort works by merging two already sorted lists into one sorted list. It
gets its "already sorted lists" by recursively breaking the list to be sorted
into halves, until there's lists that are only one element long (or empty); then
it starts to merge these unitary (and definitionally sorted) lists into larger
sorted lists.

3. Quick Sort works by selecting a list element to "pivot" around and moving all
elements that are less than the pivot to the left of the list, and all elements
that are greater than the pivot to the right of the list. This results in a list
that is semi- but not completely sorted; so quick sort is called recursively on
the parts of the list on either side of the pivot, and on down until it reaches
a base case.

GIT BRANCHING

1. A time when I might use git branching is when I have a working version of my
project that I will demo on Career Day, but I also want to start refactoring it.

2. A pull request is when I ask the person in charge of the project to look at
my branch and decide whether/how to merge it into another branch.
